PD-486: SideNav Component (#231)
mongodb/leafygreen-ui: .changeset/two-mirrors-glow.md

---
'@leafygreen-ui/side-nav': major
'@leafygreen-ui/menu': minor
---

> Mongo Menu now adds a class to style title text. Side Nav has been introduced as a new component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MongoMenu now adds a class to style title text. SideNav has been introduced as a new component.
```

To mirror the component names themselves?
